[docs] fallback clarification (#5129)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-static/README.md

> In most situations this is not recommended: it harms SEO, tends to slow down perceived performance, and makes your app inaccessible to users if JavaScript fails or is disabled (which happens [more often than you probably think](https://kryogenix.org/code/browser/everyonehasjs.html)).

> The fallback page is an HTML page created by SvelteKit that loads your app and navigates to the correct route. For example [Surge](https://surge.sh/help/adding-a-200-page-for-client-side-routing), a static web host, lets you add a `200.html` file that will handle any requests that aren't handled outside the SvelteKit application. We can create that file like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fallback page is an HTML page created by SvelteKit that loads your app and navigates to the correct route. For example [Surge](https://surge.sh/help/adding-a-200-page-for-client-side-routing), a static web host, lets you add a `200.html` file that will handle any requests that don't correspond to static assets or explicitly prerendered pages. We can create that file like so:
```
